Revamp Grafana Flightsql install instructions (#4892)
influxdata/docs-v2: content/influxdb/cloud-iox/query-data/tools/grafana.md

<!-- TOC -->

- [Install Grafana or login to Grafana Cloud](#install-grafana-or-login-to-grafana-cloud)
- [Install the FlightSQL plugin](#install-the-flightsql-plugin)
- [Create and configure a FlightSQL datasource](#create-and-configure-a-flightsql-datasource)
- [Query InfluxDB with Grafana](#query-influxdb-with-grafana)
- [Build visualizations with Grafana](#build-visualizations-with-grafana)

<!-- /TOC -->

## Install Grafana or login to Grafana Cloud

> If user the open source version of **Grafana**, follow the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If using the open source version of **Grafana**, follow the
```

When using the local version of Grafana, you can install the FlightSQL plugin
with the [`grafana-cli` CLI](https://grafana.com/docs/grafana/latest/cli/) or in
the Grafana user interface (UI).

- [Use grafana-cli](#use-grafana-cli)
- [Use the Grafana UI](#use-the-grafana-ui)

### Use grafana-cli

Run the following command to install the FlightSQL plugin:

```sh
grafana-cli plugins install influxdata-flightsql-datasource
```

After installing the plugin, you may need to restart your Grafana server.

### Use the Grafana UI

1. In the Grafana UI, navigate to **Configuration** > **Plugins**.
2. Search for and select the **FlightSQL** plugin.
3. Click **Install**.

<!----------------------------- END LOCAL GRAFANA ----------------------------->
{{% /tab-content %}}
{{% tab-content %}}
<!---------------------------- BEGIN GRAFANA CLOUD ---------------------------->

1. In your Grafana Cloud instance, navigate to **Administration** > **Plugins**.
2. Search for and select the **FlightSQL** plugin.
3. Click **Install via grafana.com** to navigate to the plugin page.
4. On the plugin page, click **Install plugin**.

> After a moment, Grafana Cloud will complete the plugin installation in your

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After a moment, Grafana Cloud completes the plugin installation in your
```
